Add concurrency control for file uploads via `FILES_MAX_UPLOAD_CONCURRENCY` (#26424)
directus/directus: .changeset/tus-max-parallel-uploads.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
'@directus/app': patch
"@directus/env": patch
---

> Add `FILES_MAX_UPLOAD_PARALLEL` to limit concurrent file uploads started by the Studio, working for both regular and resumable (TUS) uploads.

Reviewer: Let's update this as changesets are expected to be in past tense.
```suggestion
Added concurrency control for file uploads via a new `FILES_MAX_UPLOAD_CONCURRENCY` env variable
```
